	Dunnuthala Pallavi	Email: pallavidunnuthala5607@gmail.com
AWS Cloud Engineer	Mobile: +91 9603483840
OBJECTIVE:
To work in a creative & challenging environment and achieve a growth-oriented career in an organization where I could contribute to the growth of the organization and utilize, enhance my technical skills, knowledge to the optimum.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
	Learning and Practicing in Setup and build AWS infrastructure of various resources VPC, EC2, S3, IAM, ETL, Lambda, routing table, Internet gate way, Nat gate way, Elastic IP, Loud Balancer, Code Commit, Security Group, Autoscaling, and RDS, CloudFormation JSON templates.
	Experienced in internally creating IAM roles for instance to giving the permission to send out the creating to the CloudWatch dashboard.
	in Administration/Maintenance of Source Control Management Systems such as Git and Subversion (SVN). Created tags and branches, fixed merge issues and administered software repositories.
	Expertise in configuring backups in AWS.
	Involved in creation of Roles, Users, Groups, Profiles and users in IAM.
	Setting up secured private networks and sub-networks using Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), NACL, Route Table and creating security groups to associate with EC2 instances.
	Good experience on writing Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda functions by using Scripting languages,JSON,Yaml.
	Migrated and stored all kinds of object storage of my organization in to S3 bucket to provide durability and security.
	Worked on creation of public & private subnets using VPC, VPC peering.
	Created AMIs and Volumes and played with them like attaching, detaching, creating own AMIs for replication of same environment in same/different Availability Zones as well as same/different regions.
	Hands on experience of VMware.

	Handle all performance-related issues like Performance Management Disk Space, and Management  Memory Load Average etc.
	Basic knowledge in Linux administration & ITIL concepts.
	In Linux on creating and practicing on Centos,Redhat,Ubuntu.
	Creating a Disc management with different modules.
	Creating a Logical Volume Management(LVM). & Swapon Disc.
	Involving myself to apply OS patches on Linux/windows servers and User management and Administration.
	Permissions Change, changing IP’s, Peering instances.
	Automation of Daily based inventory. And also Troubleshooting of VMs which are not responded.
	Creating GIT Repositories & having to deploy the code from local computer to central repository.
	Having the practicing and internal Experiences on DevOps tools like Ansible,Docker,Jenkins.	
 
	Practicing and Experiences in Ansible code of deploy to use Linux server to clients run a progress with a single command.
	Practicing the Docker to deploy containers in Linux machine and editing and develop the docker file.
	Virtualization: RAM upgrade, Disk addition, CPU upgrade of VM’s.

Education/Qualifications:
•	Master Of Business Administration (MBA) In 2021 from Sri Venkateshwara College of Engineering(SVCE)with 75% in Academics.
•	Degree (BSC (MPCS) ) In 2018 from Chaitanya Degree  College with 74% in Academics.
•	Intermediate (2015) in M.P.C Narayana Junior College, with an Aggregate of 69.9%.
•	SSC (2013) from SBVM High School, with an Aggregate of 8.2 points.

Personal Details
Date of Birth	
: 05-June-1998
Gender	: Female
Marital Status	: Single
Nationality	: Indian
Languages Known	: English, Telugu.
	 

Declaration:
I consider myself familiar with information Technology aspects. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team & I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.


Place: Bangalore	(Pallavi.Dunnuthala)
Date:
